well this little ladies up on jacks
today and I'm going to have to move
those jacks from under the axilla back
to the frame somewhere and block that
truck up with that axle free because my
clutch is stuck and I pulled the
inspection cover off last night sprayed
some penetrating oil up in there and it
looks like the clutch is kind of rusted
there on the input shaft of the
transmission and I sprayed it down good
but I got it's going to break loose
unless I get in there physically work it
loose so this thing has an enclosed
drive line and you can't just you know
there's no you joint so you can't just
pop a huge ought and drop that drive
line out so I knew either the rear end
had to move or oh yeah pull the engine
to drop that training out so one of the
YouTube gentlemen was a friend of mine
was kind enough to go dig up his old
shop manuals from back in the 30s and
scan a couple of pages for me and send
them to me and sure enough as I
suspected that's what you have to do you
have to break the u-bolts around that
rear end that axle housing and loosen
the springs so that when you get that
tranny loose you can pull that rear end
and drive shaft at all back far enough
to get it out of the way and drop that
transmission down so that's going to be
quite a project but I can do it and look
what I got today I went to the parts
store more look at there I'm talking
industrial weld shop sighs that's a shop
sighs we're not talking about wimpy
little 2jb well look at that that's what
I'm talking about now I can fix
radiators I can build wheels I can box
frames I can fix the crack clock to
anything I got this stuff to do it right
there and you know our pinkies got that
great big honking Cadillac engine you
know in his card it needs that big big
moonshine still blower he's got on the
top of that thing and but I just got a
little bitty engine
so I don't need a big blower like that I
just need a little breather on my little
tiny engine so there there you go eat
your heart out resto Dan I bet you don't
have was there more wind and throw it
out up about dem apples Oh